Basic Oerators QUESTIONS

------------------------------

1. program to display hello world on the output screen -	Code
2. program to display abcdefxyz on the output screen -	Code
3. program to input an integer (or number) and display its value -	Code
4. program to input two numbers or integers and display their values -	Code
5. program to input three numbers and display their values -	Code
6. program to input two numbers and find their sum -	Code
7. program to input three numbers and find sum of three numbers -	Code
8. program to input two numbers and find the difference between them -	Code
9. program to input two numbers and find their product -	Code
10. program to input two numbers and display their quotient (division) -	Code
11. program to input two numbers and find their remainder (division) -	Code
13. program to input a float value (number with decimal point ) -	Code
14. program to add two decimal point values -	Code
15. program to input two decimal point numbers and display difference between them -	Code
16. program to input two float (decimal point) values and find their product -	Code
17. program to input two float (decimal point ) values and find their quotient -	Code
19.  program to input principal, rate of interest and time and compute simple interest -	Code
20.  program to input length and breadth of rectangle and find area of rectangle -	Code
21 . program to input length and breadth of rectangle and compute perimeter of rectangle -	Code
22 . program to input side of square and compute area of square -	Code


30 . program to demonstrate (+=) operator, a+=2 is same as a=a+2 -	Code
31 . program to demonstrate (-=) operator, a-=2 is same as a=a-2 -	Code
32 . program to demonstrate (*=) operator, a*=2 is same as a=a*2 -	Code



IF ELSE QUSTION SHEET ----------
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
15. check whether a is less than or equal to 10 or greater than 10 -
16. program to input three numbers and find largest of three numbers using if-else statement 
17. program to input three numbers and find smallest of three numbers using if-else statement 
18. program to demonstrate if-else statement and (check whether marks are between 80 and 90)  marks>80 && marks<90
19. program to demonstrate if-else statement program to demonstrate if or (check whether marks are equal to either 80 or 90) 
20. program to input a character and check whether it is equal to a or b using if statement example of OR( || ) operator .
21. program to change case of character example converting a to A example of if-else statement.
22. program to compute grade of a student based on marks using if else statement.
23. program to check whether number entered is odd or even using if-else statement 
24. program to input two numbers a and b and check whether a is divisible by b or not using if-else statement.
25. program to check whether user has entered vowel or not using if-else statement.
26. program to calculate discount on a price,if price is above 1000 then discount is 10% otherwise 5 % using if-else statement -	Code
27. program to demonstrate switch-case statement example 1, displaying day of the week 
28. program to demonstrate switch-case example 2,displaying month of the year 
29. calculate da,hra based on basic example of if-else statement 
(if basic<=2500,hra=da=0,if basic>2500&&basic <4000,hra=20%,da=15% if basic>=4000&&<8000,hra=25%,da=20%,if basic>8000,hra=30%,da=25%) .

30. program to input three numbers and print them in ascending order using if-else statement. 
31. program to input three numbers and print them in descendingorder 
using if-else statement 
32. program to convert fahrenheit temp to celsius and vice versa using if-else statement -	Code
33. program to convert fahrenheit temp to celsius and vice versa using switch statement -	Code
34. program to input a character and check whether it is a vowel or not using switch statement -	Code
35. program to input a year and find whether it is a leap year or not using if-else statement -	Code


Loop  Question -------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



1. program to demonstrate for statement to display numbers from 0 to 9
2. program to demonstrate for statement to display numbers from 0 to 10 
3. program to display numbers from 9 to 0 (in reverse order) using for statement
4. program to display numbers from 10 to 0 (in reverse order) using for statement 
5. program to display numbers 0 to 10 with a gap of 2 between the numbers using for statement 
6. program to display numbers 0 to 50 with a gap of 5 between the numbers using for statement 
7. program to display numbers 50 to 1 (in reverse order) with a gap of 5 between the numbers using for statement 
8. program to find sum of numbers from 1 to 10 using for statement -	
9. program to find sum of even numbers from 1 to 10 using for statement
10. program to find sum of odd numbers from 1 to 10 using for statement -	Code
11. program to find sum of even and odd numbers from 1 to 10 statement -	Code
12. program to input two numbers a and b and display numbers between them using for statement -	Code
13. program to input two numbers a and b and find sum of numbers between them using for statement -	
14. program to find factorial of a number using for statement -	Code
15. program to find whether number entered is prime or not using for statement -	Code
16. program to print first 1 to 10 terms of fibonicci series using for statement -	Code
17. program to print pattern of stars using for statement (example of nested for loop) -	Code
18. program to print table of a number entered by the user using for statement -	Code
19. program to print numbers from 0 to 9 using while statement -	Code
20. program to print numbers from 1 to 10 using while statement -	Code
21. program to print numbers from 1 to 10 with a gap of 2 numbers using while statement -	Code
22. program to find factorial of a number using while statement -	Code
23. program to print table of a number entered by user using while statement -	Code
24. program to find sum of numbers from 1 to 10 using while statement -	Code
25. program to input two numbers and find sum of numbers between them using while statement -	Code
26. program to find sum of even and odd numbers between a and b using while statement -	Code
27. program to check whether a number is prime or not using while statement -	Code
28. program to print first 1 to 10 terms of fibonicci series using while statement -	Code
29. program to find lcm and hcf of 2 numbers using while loop -	Code
30. program to demonstrate do while statement example to print numbers 1 to 10 -	Code
31. program to demonstrate do while example 2, prints 11 on the output screen -	Code
32. program to demonstrate break statement in for loop -	Code
33. program to demonstrate break statement in while loop -	Code
34. program to demonstrate continue statement in for loop -	Code
35. program to input a number and find sum of digits of the number -	Code
36. program to input a number and count number of digits in the number -	Code
37. program to input a number and find whether it is palindrome or not (1221 is a palindrome and 1234 is not a palindrome) -	Code
38. program to input a number and print reverse of the number using while loop -	Code
39. program to input a number n and print pattern of numbers from 1 to n (example of nested loop) -	Code


Function  Sheet
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
4. program to create a function to find factorial of number passed to function as argument-	Code
5. program to find create a function to check whether a number passed to it as argument is prime or not-	Code
6. program to create a function that prints the table of the number passed to it as argument-	Code
7. program to create a function that takes two integer arguments and calculates their sum -	Code  
8. program to create a function that takes two integer arguments calculates difference between them -	Code
9. program to create a function that takes two integer arguments calculates their product -	Code
10. program to create a function that takes three integer arguments and calculates their sum -	Code
11. program to create a function that takes two integer arguments and finds largest of them -	Code
12. program to create a function that takes three integer arguments and finds largest of them -	Code
13. program to create a function that takes three integer arguments and finds smallest of them -	Code
14. program to create two functions to calculate area and perimeter of rectangle (length and breadth of rectangle are passed to functions as arguments) -	Code
15. program to create two functions that finds area and circumference of circle (radius of circle is passed to functions as argument) -	Code
19. program to create a function that checks whether character passed to it as argument is vowel or not using if else statement -	Code
20. program to create a function that calculates sum of numbers between two numbers a and b (a nd b are passed to function as integer arguments ) -	Code
21. program to create two functions that prints the three numbers in ascending order and descending order passed to functions as arguments -	Code
22. program to create two functions that prints sum of even numbers and odd numbers between two numbers a and b (a nd b are passed to functions as integer arguments ) -	Code
23. program to create two functions to calculate area and perimeter of square based on user choice -	Code
24. program to create a function to calculate simple interest based on principal amount,rate of interest and time (principal,rate and time are passed to functions as arguments, principal and rate are passed as float arguments , time is passed as integer argument ) -	Code
25. program to create two functions to calculate area and circumference of circle and call them based on user choice using switch statement -	Code
26. program to create two functions to calculate area and perimeter of rectangle and call them based on user choice using switch statement -	Code
27. program to create a function that computes discount based on price entered by the user (price is passed to function as integer argument , if price is greater than or equal to 1000, discount is calculated as 10 percent else 5 percent ) -	Code